Welcome to Workbook 2.4 in this workbook.
Instead of using time off and on less to conditionally render an image, we're going to use a ternary
operation.
So here what we can do is remove the second expression.
And so what we can do is conditionally assign a value for source depending on what the speed is.
So here we can say, well, since the value four source will be the result of a timely expression,
we can say Finally source and the leaf expression will start by grabbing the speed.
And comparing it to a speed of 60.
If it's higher than 60.
Then the sauce is going to equal the following string.
If it's lower than 60, then the source will equal this string.
Speed limit.
PNG will keep the width the same.
Go ahead and run your application.
Refresh the application.
And beautiful speed of 45 reminds them of the speed limit will pass in a speed of 70.
And do we have DevTools in here?
I guess I don't when after we run the application and now fast forward this video until I have.
Beautiful.
So here we are conditionally assigning a string value to source depending on what their speed is.